Power BI is a tool I have used whilst working as a Data Analyst. 

In this repository you will find a sample dashboard however, whilst working I have created far more reports with the use of DAX, Advanced Tooltips,
"Drill throughs" , Advanced use of bookmarks and much more. 

Some of the reports I have created include: 

1.) Automated Sales Report for Investments side of company (use of Gateway): 
This report takes data from the EDW and a simple slicer at the beginning of report will generate the month of report. 
IT contained some difficult queries with an aestecially pleasing design. This report is used on a monthly basis. 

2.) Automated Sales Report for Insurance side of company (use of Gateway): 
This report takes data from the EDW and a simple slicer at the beginning of report will generate the month of report. 
IT contained some difficult queries with an aestecially pleasing design. This report is used on a monthly basis. 

3.) Automated Surrender Analysis to be prrsented on a monthly basis (use of Gateway):
The analysis generates a detailed on report on the number of surrneders and death claims or partial surrenders of clients and policy holders to try and understand
clearly why policies are surrendering. (Is it due to performance or poor trends). 

4.) Automated Cahs-Flow analysis to be presented to Senior members of company  (use of Gateway):
This analysis takes in In flows and outflows of products and Financial advisors as well as Paid-Up's.
WHich financial advisors have seen a trend of increasing their paid-up %.
The analysis estimated AUM and much more. It contains KPI's and advanced tool-tips to clearly understand which financial advisor an dproducts need attmetion. 

5.) Helped create an Assessment of Vale page using DAX for a large company wide project. #
The analysis shows clearly what funds are performing best returns wise for the client and which aren't. 

6.) Automation of Paid-Ups and Lapse analysis for Risk team and company wise use (use of Gateway):
The dashboard showed annualised rates and 12 month rolling averages pulled from EDW with SQL queries. 

7.) Fund and Product look through (use of Gateway):
Created a report which allows the user to see all aavailable products and then drill through that product to the underlying funds.
The user can see revenue for each product fund also. 
Th euser can choose what ever approach they like when viewing this. It can alos be drilled all the way down to the underlying ISINS underneath the funds. 



